camera_is_support_portrait_front true
camera_is_support_portrait_switch true
camera_portrait_mode_supported_ai_scene false
camera_support_ai_lens true
camera_support_front_ai_lens false
camera_support_google_lens true
camera_support_india_filter true
camera_support_portrait_zoom true
camera_supported_ai_scene true
camera_supported_front_ai_scene false
camera_supported_scene true
disable_video_stabilization_in_speed_slow_mode true
enhance_beauty_with_hht true
is_back_bokeh_supported true
is_camera_app_water_mark true
is_camera_front_app_water_mark true
is_camera_face_detection_need_orientation false
is_camera_freeze_after_hdr_capture false
is_camera_hold_blur_background true
is_camera_lower_qrscan_frequency true
is_camera_preview_with_subthread_looper true
is_camera_replace_higher_cost_effect false
is_camera_use_morpho_lib true
is_camera_use_still_effect_image false
is_front_remosic_sensor true
is_front_video_quality_1080p true
is_full_size_effect true
is_hrf_video_capture_support true
is_legacy_face_beauty false
is_lower_size_effect false
is_lower_size_panorama true
is_support_portrait true
is_support_video_intelligent_switch false
is_vice_back_remoasic_camera true
is_video_snapshot_size_limit false
need_video_stabilization_crop true
support_auto_mirror true
support_camera_4k_quality true
support_camera_adv_beauty_front_bokeh true
support_camera_age_detection true
support_camera_aohdr true
support_camera_audio_focus true
support_camera_beauty_menu_in_back_portrait_mode true
support_camera_boost_brightness true
support_camera_burst_shoot true
support_camera_burst_shoot_denoise true
support_camera_continuous_iso true
support_camera_dynamic_light_spot true
support_camera_face_info_water_mark true
support_camera_filter_in_back_portrait_mode true
support_camera_fish_eye true
support_camera_gradienter true
support_camera_groupshot false
support_camera_hfr true
support_camera_hfr_bitrate_scale true
support_camera_magic_mirror true
support_camera_manual_function true
support_camera_manual_function_et true
support_camera_manual_function_focus true
support_camera_microsecond_exposure_time true
support_camera_movie_solid true
support_camera_new_style_time_water_mark true
support_camera_peaking_mf true
support_camera_press_down_capture true
support_camera_quick_snap true
support_camera_raw true
support_camera_record_location true
support_camera_screen_light true
support_camera_shader_effect true
support_camera_skin_beauty true
support_camera_square_mode true
support_camera_tilt_shift true
support_camera_torch_capture true
support_camera_ubifocus true
support_camera_video_face_detection true
support_camera_video_front_mirror true
support_camera_video_high_frame true
support_camera_video_pause true
support_camera_water_mark true
support_camera_front_water_mark true
support_camera_wb_manual_value true
support_chroma_flash false
support_front_beauty_mfnr true
support_front_bokeh true
support_front_flash true
support_front_hdr true
support_front_hht true
support_front_hht_enhance true
support_full_size_panorama true
support_hfr_video_pause true
support_lens_dirty_detect true
support_media_feedback false
support_mi_face_beauty true
support_object_track true
